#labels Phase-Requirements
#Goals of Project

= Magnum Chess -- Goals of Project =

I have worked on Magnum Chess as a hobby for several years.  It originally was a school project.  Magnum Chess has several advanced features such as magic hashed bitboard move generation.  However, it's playing strength is fairly weak.  

Magnum Chess supports the UCI protocol.  I am able to play Magnum Chess against other chess engines using the Area GUI.  


==Goal 1==
I would like to improve the strength of Magnum Chess.  I feel that there are several possible errors in the code which may be hurting playing strength.  For example, I do not have very strong support for doing Perft testing to verify that my move generation is correct.  Also, I recently re-wrote my evaluation function, and I have not tested this code to make sure it works.

==Goal 2==
I need to get Magnum Chess entered in some computer chess tournaments.  To do this, I will need to make sure my UCI protocol handling is correct and includes all the necessary UCI commands.  For example, currently my program does not return the principal variation when it completes a search.  There are several other UCI commands which my program does not recognize such as ponder.  Several tournaments which I would be interested in entering are as follows:
CCT http://cctchess.com/
WOCT http://vigo.altervista.org/
RWBC http://www.rwbc-chess.de/
ChessWar http://www.open-aurec.com/chesswar/
CEGT http://www.husvankempen.de/nunn/

==Goal 3==
I would like to use the engine to explore other computer chess algorithms. For example, I plan to switch from the alpha-beta search algorithm to MTD(f).  I also would be interested in adding a parallel search algorithm to take advantage of multi-core processors.

